[cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be King
of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D.
Luffy, a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy
a man-made Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
When Luffy hears about
a fighting tournament
at the Corrida Colosseum
with the Flame-Flame fruit
as the prize, he decides
to join and compete against
titanic contenders from
all over the New World.
[LUFFY]
A punch?
That’s why you’re
so bent outta shape?
Come on! I can’t even
remember how many times
I got slugged by him!
[CHIN JAO] Then I’ll finish
the job and pulverize
every bone in your body!
Hasshoken Technique!
[LUFFY] Get ready
for my Gum-Gum--Thor!
[CHIN JAO]
Non-Drill Dragon!
Elephant Gun!
[CHIN JAO]
Non-Nail!
[CROWD]
What?!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
This is simply remarkable!
He bested a living legend!
After a hard-fought battle, we
have a champion for Block C.
Let’s hear it for Lucy!
Heck yeah!
[laughs]
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS] Ladies and gents, we
have three of our finalists!
This trio of unbelievable
contestants will now advance
to the final round and challenge
the Don Quixote Family!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
The champion of Block A,
representing the
Blackbeard Pirates:
Jesus Burgess!
--[laughs]
--[CROWD cheers]
Our winner from Block B.
The irreverent leader
of a pirate crew
called the Barto Club:
Bartolomeo the Cannibal!
[laughs]
And now, from Block C.
Everyone’s favorite
dark horse: Lucy!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] The long-anticipated
finale is fast approaching!
Unfortunately, as the arena
needs immediate repairs,
the battle for Block D will be
delayed by about 15 minutes.
Sorry, folks!
[MAN A]
Oh, come on! Really?
[MAN B]
After all that buildup?
[GYATS] We appreciate your
patience as we prepare
for the Block D match!
[CAVENDISH]
Straw Hat!
You can’t escape this time!
Cabbage!
Meet Durandal!
[yells]
[LUFFY yelps]
Have at you!
[CAVENDISH grunting]
[COMPETITOR F] Cavendish doesn’t
know when to quit, does he?
Huh?
[BARTOLOMEO]
I warned him!
What is his deal?
I dunno, said something
'bout "“Straw Hat."”
Oh, you mean Straw Hat
as in Straw Hat Luffy?
The one who couldn’t even
save his brother’s life
during the War
of the Best, right?
[COMPETITOR C laughs]
Anybody can get famous
for not being able
to do something!
[laughing]
[yelping] What the hell?
Let go of me, scumbag!
I’ll have you know that
I happen to be a nobleman
from the Kingdom of Biggschots!
[COMPETITOR C whimpering]
Stop! I-I can’t breathe!
Well, that’s funny,
since you had
enough breath to talk
smack a minute ago.
[gasps]
Look here.
The Great Straw Hat Luffy
is a hero in his own time!
He’ll be the legend
that defines this era!
The future King of the Pirates!
[COMPETITOR C whimpering]
I saw it with my own eyes.
It’s been over two
years since that day.
[BARTOLOMEO]
At Loguetown in the East Blue...
On the same scaffold
where Gold Roger,
the King of the
Pirates, was killed...
I heard him shout to the sky:
Wait and see!
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasping]
[BARTOLOMEO]
And in that fateful moment...
[BARTOLOMEO] ...a bolt of
thunder split the heavens
and saved his life!
[laughs]
Hey, I’m still alive!
That’s nice!
[BARTOLOMEO] I witnessed
a true miracle that day!
[BARTOLOMEO laughing]
[BARTOLOMEO] Ever since then,
I’ve been followin'
the Straw Hats’
adventures in the news!
Alabasta! Enies Lobby!
Impel Down!
And who could forget...
...that legendary
showdown at Marineford!
[BARTOLOMEO laughing]
[BARTO PIRATE A]
Hey, Boss!
What should we do with
the soldiers we captured?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Drown '‘em, I don’t care!
[BARTOLOMEO] Back home,
I was just a gang leader
who took over 150 towns,
no big deal.
But Luffy inspired me
to be great.
[BARTOLOMEO]
So I set out to sea!
[COMPETITOR C yelps]
Now, let me see,
where were we?
Right, you were
making fun of Luffy.
And just what makes you
think you’re anything
to write home about,
huh, ya jackass?
How’s about I cut out
your tongue? Huh?
You will never be
half as good as him!
Worthless piece of crap!
Why the hell is
everyone fighting now?
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
[yells]
[CAVENDISH gasps]
Let go!
Don’t think so!
Get your hands off
my sword; I’ll kill you!
Can you just leave me alone
and let us settle this
crap some other time?
I’ve been fighting
people all day!
[LUFFY grunting, yelling]
[gasps]
[COMPETITOR G]
Somebody pull '‘em apart!
[COMPETITOR H]
Not me! I’m staying back!
[BARTOLOMEO]
I don’t blame you, pal.
I’m too nervous to
walk up to him, myself.
And even if I did,
what would I say?
Look at that, he really does
have a scar under his left eye!
He’s even more
amazing in person!
Huh? I can’t see through
all these tears of joy!
Who does that cabbage
asshole think he is?
I’ll rip him limb from
limb and save Luffy!
Ah! You’re in for it now,
Cavend--! [stammers]
[BARTOLOMEO]
Dammit, I’m speechless!
[LUFFY grunting]
[SAI]
Straw Hat Luffy!
There you are!
Don’t go anywhere.
Our grandfather has something
important to tell you.
Hang in there,
Grandpa, it’s okay!
Again?! Dude, would you
just leave me alone?
I won, okay?
No, listen!
[LUFFY yelps]
[COMPETITORS scream]
[CHIN JAO]
I’ve abandoned my grudge.
Now I must express
my appreciation.
What I wanted to say
was thank you.
[LUFFY grunting]
[CHIN JAO]
Wait! Grandson of Garp!
You can’t escape me!
[LUFFY yelling]
No way! Luffy just ran past me!
Hold on! Don’t go!
How dare you run away
from our duel!
[LUFFY yelling]
The Great Straw Hat
Luffy in the flesh!
Ooh, I want to talk to him,
but I think I’m too shy!
Please wait for me!
[CHIN JAO] To show my gratitude
for restoring my head,
I’d like to place you in charge
of my grandson’s Happosui Army.
[CHIN JAO]
Stop right there!
Aw, gimme a break!
They’re all chasing me?
--[ALL yelling]
--[BARTOLOMEO] Hey!
[screaming]
[LUFFY panting]
Okay. I’m too tired
for all this.
[REBECCA]
Lucy! This way!
Oh, hey! You’re, uh...
I’m Rebecca. You’re in
demand, aren’t you?
Follow me!
Uh, sure! Thanks for the help!
[TEACH laughs] Well, then that
goes for Shiryu as well!
I guess so, but I don’t think
we should take
Aokiji’s word for it.
Eh? Oh. Hey, Captain,
I’m sorry. One second.
Straw Hat’s here.
[TEACH grunts]
Huh? Really now? Put him on!
[TEACH]
Hello there!
You again.
So you’re... Blackbeard?
[laughs] Long time no see,
Straw Hat Luffy.
Hey, I know how ya feel.
I was surprised to hear you were
my commander’s baby brother.
[TEACH chuckles]
You sure you wanna be here?
You’re gonna miss the big show.
Don’t ya wanna be there for your
brother’s execution? [laughs]
What do you want?
[TEACH] It’s been a while,
hasn’t it, old friend? [laughs]
I heard you’re competing in the
gladiator tournament, "“Lucy"”!
[TEACH] But forget about
the Flame-Flame fruit.
Burgess is gonna win that, easy!
[BURGESS laughs]
[TEACH] I wanted Ace to join
the Blackbeard Pirates
back in the day,
but he turned me down!
So this way, I can have
the next best thing.
What do ya think?
[TEACH laughs]
I’ll tell you what I think.
You’re never getting Ace’s
power, as long as I live.
[TEACH]
Huh.
[laughs] Well, I can’t wait to
make you eat those words!
We’d better go.
Lucy!
Yeah.
I get the feeling you know
each other, is that right?
Yeah, kinda. I can’t
let him win that prize!
[REBECCA pants]
[LUFFY] Hey, this is good!
Y’got any more?
You can’t eat
all my free samples
without buying any!
[REBECCA] Lucy! I’m so
sorry about that, ma’am.
Tell me which one
you’d like to have Lucy.
Huh?! You mean you’re
gonna pay for it?
Oh, hello, Rebecca!
Friend of yours?
[OLD WOMAN A]
Thanks for your business!
[laughs] Looks good!
Man, am I hungry!
Enjoy it.
Sorry I couldn’t afford
to buy you more.
Are you kidding?
Thanks for treating me
to lunch, Rebecca!
So where are we?
[REBECCA]
These are the living quarters
for the gladiators
who fight here.
[REBECCA] Though I suppose
it’s more like a prison.
The guest competitors won’t
be coming down here.
You can rest up
for your next match.
Oh, that’s cool, thanks a lot!
You’re such a great fighter.
I was really impressed
when I saw that last battle.
You like it?
Yeah, the food here
is really good!
[laughs]
Oh, hey, you’re not
hungry, too, are you?
[gasps]
I’m so hungry.
Mother, I’m starving!
[SCARLET]
I know, dear.
Two days is a long time
to wait. I’m sorry.
You’ll have to stay here alone
for a while, okay, Rebecca?
[gasps]
Oh, I don’t get hungry. Ever.
Well, that’s weird. Are you,
like, a samurai or something?
[INMATE B grunts]
[INMATE A]
All right, I got him!
[INMATE B]
Go for it, Rebecca! Now!
[LUFFY]
What?
[INMATE B] That’s why you
brought him here, right?
Rebecca! What is this?
[INMATE A]
Come on!
[LUFFY]
Hey, let go of me!
You better not make
me drop my food!
[INMATE B]
Rebecca!
[INMATE A]
Hurry up!
If you don’t, you’ll never
accomplish your mission!
Wait, what?
[REBECCA growls]
[yells]
[yelps]
[panting]
[INMATE B]
He actually caught Rebecca.
[INMATE A] How did he
move faster than her?
Go on, do your worst.
I accept my fate, all right?
Wait a minute, you think
I’m gonna hurt you?
But you gave me food!
Yes, but I just
tried to kill you!
[LUFFY]
Well, you tried to attack me.
But, kill me? I don’t think so.
If he can afford to
forgive her that easily,
that means she was
never a threat to him
in the first place,
don’t you think?
[INMATE B]
What a shame.
This woulda been a
good chance to knock out
one of the competitors who
has Devil Fruit powers.
Whoa! Mummies!
Oh, come on!
We’re prisoners, forced
to fight as gladiators.
[INMATE A]
So is Rebecca.
They throw us out into
the arena for the crowd’s
entertainment till the day
we finally wind up dead.
All because we got on the
Don Quixote Family’s bad side.
The king promised he
would let us go free
if we manage to win
a thousand battles.
But no matter
how strong you are,
no one can win that many
fights to the death in a row!
And everybody who’s
tried to run away
up until now has been
shot and killed on sight.
There’s no hope
left for us now.
Ten years ago, before
Doflamingo became king
around here, we had
gladiator matches,
but never to the death.
For all the light there is
in this kingdom of his,
there’s just as much darkness.
[REBECCA] I swear.
No matter what it takes,
I will win this
competition today!
And with the power of
the Flame-Flame Fruit,
I’ll kill Doflamingo!
Look. The Toy Soldier
told me he’s planning on
leading his army to attack
Doflamingo today.
[panting]
That means he’s going
to let us all out.
I believe that he can
save this kingdom.
But he wants to sacrifice
his life to do it!
[KYROS]
It’s all right.
Don’t be afraid.
This brave soldier will
always be at your side!
[REBECCA panting]
But I will settle this
before he has the chance.
I’m sick of him always
having to protect me!
This time, Soldier,
I’ll protect you. I promise!
[NARRATOR] On the night that
utter tragedy befell Dressrosa,
young Rebecca lost
everyone she loved.
Although she and the
one-legged soldier survived,
the pair were forced to live
their lives on the run.
Now, the story behind
the close bond they share
is finally revealed.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"“Protect You to the End!
Rebecca and the Toy Soldier!"”
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!